# PaymentSettlementEvent


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**data_type** | **str** |  The data type of the event. - &#x60;Transaction&#x60;: The transaction event data. - &#x60;TSSRequest&#x60;: The TSS request event data. - &#x60;Addresses&#x60;: The addresses event data. - &#x60;WalletInfo&#x60;: The wallet information event data. - &#x60;MPCVault&#x60;: The MPC vault event data. - &#x60;Chains&#x60;: The enabled chain event data. - &#x60;Tokens&#x60;: The enabled token event data. - &#x60;TokenListing&#x60;: The token listing event data.        - &#x60;PaymentOrder&#x60;: The payment order event data. - &#x60;PaymentRefund&#x60;: The payment refund event data. - &#x60;PaymentSettlement&#x60;: The payment settlement event data. - &#x60;PaymentTransaction&#x60;: The payment transaction event data. - &#x60;PaymentAddressUpdate&#x60;: The payment address update event data. - &#x60;BalanceUpdateInfo&#x60;: The balance update event data. - &#x60;SuspendedToken&#x60;: The suspended token event data. | 
**settlement_request_id** | **str** | The settlement request ID generated by Cobo. | 
**request_id** | **str** | The request ID provided by you when creating the settlement request. | 
**status** | [**SettleRequestStatus**](SettleRequestStatus.md) |  | 
**settlements** | [**List[SettlementDetail]**](SettlementDetail.md) |  | 
**created_timestamp** | **int** | The created time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**updated_timestamp** | **int** | The updated time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**initiator** | **str** | The initiator of this settlement request, usually the user&#39;s API key. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from cobo_waas2.models.payment_settlement_event import PaymentSettlementEvent

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PaymentSettlementEvent from a JSON string
payment_settlement_event_instance = PaymentSettlementEvent.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PaymentSettlementEvent.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
payment_settlement_event_dict = payment_settlement_event_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PaymentSettlementEvent from a dict
payment_settlement_event_from_dict = PaymentSettlementEvent.from_dict(payment_settlement_event_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


