# PaymentPayoutItem


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payout_item_id** | **str** | The payout item ID generated by Cobo. | 
**payout_id** | **str** | The payout ID generated by Cobo. | 
**token_id** | **str** | The ID of the cryptocurrency paid out. | [optional] 
**chain_id** | **str** | The ID of the blockchain network on which the payout occurred. | [optional] 
**amount** | **str** | The amount of the cryptocurrency to pay out.  | 
**status** | [**PaymentPayoutItemStatus**](PaymentPayoutItemStatus.md) |  | 
**source_account** | **str** | The source account from which the payout was made. - If the source account is a merchant account, provide the merchant&#39;s ID (e.g., \&quot;M1001\&quot;). - If the source account is the developer account, use the string &#x60;\&quot;developer\&quot;&#x60;.  | 
**transactions** | [**List[PaymentTransaction]**](PaymentTransaction.md) | An array of transactions associated with this payout item. Each transaction represents a separate blockchain operation related to the payout item process. | [optional] 
**created_timestamp** | **int** | The created time of the payout item, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**updated_timestamp** | **int** | The updated time of the payout item, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**crypto_address_id** | **str** | The ID of the crypto address used for crypto payouts. | [optional] 
**crypto_address** | **str** | The actual blockchain address to which funds were transferred. | [optional] 
**commission_fee** | [**CommissionFee**](CommissionFee.md) |  | [optional] 
**bridging_fee** | [**BridgingFee**](BridgingFee.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from cobo_waas2.models.payment_payout_item import PaymentPayoutItem

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PaymentPayoutItem from a JSON string
payment_payout_item_instance = PaymentPayoutItem.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PaymentPayoutItem.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
payment_payout_item_dict = payment_payout_item_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PaymentPayoutItem from a dict
payment_payout_item_from_dict = PaymentPayoutItem.from_dict(payment_payout_item_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


